MAN: All right. you got the note?
MAN 2: Yeah. nice and tight.
MAN: Two. three. four...
(HARMONIZING)
CALOGERO: This is the Fordham
section of the Bronx.
My home.
A world unto itself.
You can get to any borough in 15
minutes from here.
but they might as well be 3000
miles away.
That's Mount Carmel Church.
And the sound of the bells would
fill the neighborhood.
♪ On the streets of the Bronx ♪
♪ Is where I wanna be ♪
It was 1960 and doo-wop was the
sound on the streets.
♪ Standing on the corner ♪
It felt like there was a doo-wop
group on every corner back then.
What a time it was!
The New York Yankees were
playing the Pittsburgh Pirates
in the World Series...
and Mickey Mantle was like a god to me.
My dad would take me
to Yankee Stadium.
and we'd watch the Yankees win.
That's the Chez Bippy.
That's where all the guys hung out.
But I'll tell you about them later.
(DOO-WOP MUSIC PLAYING)
That's my building.
I live right there on the third floor.
667 East 187 Street.
There's my stoop.
And on warm summer nights all
through the neighborhood...
you would hear the sounds of
young Italian men
romancing their women.
Hey. Marie!
Get in the fucking car!
-No!
-Get in the car!
Leave me alone.
Come on. baby. you know I love you.
Yeah. bullshit.
Will ya get in the fucking car?
♪ That's where I wanna be ♪
♪ Singing in harmony ♪
And right there...
right there under that lamppost
there. stood the man.
The number one man in the
neighborhood... Sonny.
Everybody loved Sonny and they
treated him like a god.
And in my neighborhood.
he was a god.
And I would sit on my stoop
and watch him.
all day and all night.
But he would never
even look at me. Never.
Until one day.
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
WOMAN: What do you want. man?
You got room in there for us?
-You wish!
-Oh come on. get outta here.
(I WONDER WHY BY DION AND THE
BELMONTS PLAYING)
♪ Don't know why I love you.
don't know why I care ♪
♪ I just want your love to share ♪
♪ I wonder why
I love you like I do ♪
♪ Is it because.
I think you love me too? ♪
♪ I wonder why I love you like
I do. like I do ♪
♪ Wop wop wop wop wop wop ♪
♪ I told my friends that we
would never part ♪
♪ They often said. that you
would break my heart ♪
♪ I wonder why they think that
we will part. we will part ♪
(FIRECRACKERS POPPING)
(LITTLE GIRL OF MINE BY DION
DIMUCCI PLAYING)
♪ Little girl of mine ♪
♪ Gee. you sure look fine ♪
♪ Yes. you appeal to me ♪
♪ I'll never set you free ♪
-Hey!
-Oh shit! Let's go!
♪ Be my lovin' baby
till the end of time ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you
off my mind. yeah ♪
(BUS BRAKING)
♪ The boys will roll their eyes ♪
♪ as we go strollin' by ♪
♪ It's not so hard to see ♪
CALOGERO: That's my dad. Lorenzo Anello.
His bus route was 187th street.
I used to love to ride the bus with him.
That's me. Calogero. at nine years old.
♪ That's the way it was meant
to be. oh ♪
♪ Oh well. now I know ♪
♪ I love you so ♪
♪ And I'll never.
I'll never let you go ♪
-All right. see you later. pop.
-OK.
♪ Oh so much ♪
-Go right upstairs. son.
-OK. pop.
That's my mom. Rosina.
She met my dad at a dance.
They fell in love and they've
been together ever since.
(BABY CRYING IN DISTANCE)
You're always listening.
Take care of this fucking...
(DOOR SLAMS)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(SAME OLD SONG AND DANCE BY
FRANK SINATRA GROWING LOUDER)
♪ Winding up number one ♪
♪ On the all-time loser's chart ♪
♪ I should forget you.
but I won't ♪
♪ Should hate you. but I don't ♪
♪ It didn't turn out.
like I planned ♪
♪ but if you smiled and waved
your hand ♪
♪ I'd go and hire a band ♪
CALOGERO: The Chez Bippy.
This is where all the guys hung out.
Get the fuck outta here!
Take a walk!
Tony Toupee was owner of the bar
in name only.
It was really Sonny's place.
Tony was a frustrated singer
and everybody hated his voice.
So just for spite. he would
never utter a spoken word...
he would only sing it.
They called him Tony Toupee
because he wore the worst
hairpiece in the world.
Eddie Mush was
a degenerate gambler.
He was also the biggest loser
in the whole world.
They called him Mush
because everything he touched
turned to mush.
Never mind "Eddie my love".
I need a winner.
He would go to the race track
and the teller would give him
his tickets already ripped up.
I had the Yankees. they lost.
If it wasn't for bad luck.
I wouldn't have no luck at all.
Jojo the Whale.
As they say. you didn't walk with Jojo.
you walked among him.
If you stared at Jojo long
enough. you'd see him
get fatter by the hour.
Legend has it his shadow
once killed a dog.
They called him Frankie Coffeecake.
because his face looked like a
Drake's Coffeecake.
He was tough to look at.
♪ I have fallen
in love with you ♪
♪ For the rest of my whole
life through ♪
Hey kid. how you doing?
His name was Jimmy Whispers
and he was Sonny's main man.
They called him Whispers because
everything was a secret to him.
♪ But you happened
to come my way ♪
Danny K.O. loved to knock guys out.
And Bobby Bars spent half his
life behind them.
This was Sonny's crew and nobody
fucked with these guys.
What are ya doin' here?
Didn't we tell you many times
not to come here?
Come on. Didn't I tell you
to come upstairs?
Wait till I tell your father.
What were you doing here?
I was looking for Daddy.
You were looking for Daddy?
That's very nice!
I have to get somethin'
in the store. Don't move!
You wait right here!
You hear me?
Every time I saw Sonny.
I would try to imitate him.
But still he would never even look at me.
Sonny had five fingers...
but he only used three.
Come on. Let's go. Move. Upstairs.
I'm not in the mood for steak.
Oh. you're not in the mood for steak. huh?
You know how many times I have
to drive that bus back and forth
each day so that this family can
eat steak once a week?
-Seven.
-Who told you that?
Nobody. I counted.
Calogero.
your father wants to talk to you.
About what. Dad?
Your mother told me she caught
you by the bar today.
I wasn't by the bar.
Tell your father the truth!
-I was by the bar.
-So why'd you lie?
I took a shot.
Wanna do something here?
What am I gonna say?
He took a shot. Nice try. son.
-Thanks. Dad.
-Lorenzo. come on. Please!
How am I gonna keep him away
from the bar?
It's two doors away from the building.
Daddy's right.
you should listen to him.
And you should shut up.
'cause nobody's talking to you.
Give me your plate.
I want you to listen to me. Hey!
Do not go near the bar.
Stay on the stoop.
but keep away from the bar.
When you're older you'll
understand why.
Yes.
You don't see me going near
that bar. do you?
Mommy won't let you go there either?
What am I gonna do with this kid?
I don't know. I got him all day.
I'm just kidding.
I won't go near the bar.
Look what I got.
Two tickets. Yankee stadium.
center field.
-Behind the Mick?
-Right behind number seven.
-Now eat your steak.
-Yeah!
Let's go Alfie.
That's Phil the Peddler.
He would call everybody Mary.
And me and my friends would love
to break his balls.
Slick and Crazy Mario
were my best friends.
Slick got his name because of his hair.
Mario got his because he was just crazy.
(SHOUTING TOGETHER)
I'll kick your little fucking
asses. you bunch of Marys.
Stay away from the fruit!
Keep your hands off the fruit!
Don't let me grab you.
you fucking Marys!
I'll kick you loose. you Marys!
The three of you!
I'll kick your fucking little asses.
you fucking ball breakers!
Keep your hands off the vegetables!
What do you think this is?
A home relief?
Wait a minute! Go make your
mother and father feed you!
I'll give you the heave-ho.
you fucking ball breakers!
-How many did you get?
-I got one.
...stop borrowing money!
Oh boy.
Coffeecake's in trouble again.
Somebody's gonna get
their ass kicked.
Guys. check it out.
Mario. who's this?
(TOGETHER) That's Jimmy Whispers.
You'd better talk to him again.
You're responsible for him.
Whoa! Come on. wait a minute.
It's Sonny.
You do somebody now. big mouth.
Do somebody hard. like Coffeecake.
-I can't do Coffeecake!
-That's hard.
Put a screen in front of your
face while I throw shit at it.
Oh. shit.
These niggers got some balls.
coming in our neighborhood.
They don't live here. they just
pass through from school.
-How the fuck do you know?
-My father told me.
Yeah. well my father told me
that's how it starts.
Get the fuck out of our neighborhood.
you fucking niggers!
Go back to Australia where you came from!
You're lucky you're on that bus!
Ha! You missed me!
(BOYS SHOUTING)
Stay out of our neighborhood.
(SHARP WHISTLE)
Why?
Ah. shit.
You don't fucking stop.
Get the fuck outta here!
Nobody's cooler than you. Sonny.
MAN 1: What the fuck is wrong with you?
MAN 2: What you doin'?
-MAN 1: Fuck you. you freehole!
-MAN 2: Fuck you. you scumbag!
MAN 1: You're a real motherfucker!
I'll bust your fucking head!
I'm gonna bust your fucking head!
(GUNSHOTS)
SONNY: Hold on here.
(WHISPERS) Sonny. give me the gun!
Get the fucking car!
Move the fucking car!
Come on!
(ENGINE REVVING)
When Sonny looked at me
for the first time. I went deaf.
I couldn't hear.
All I could see was Sonny
with the gun in his hand.
(CHURCH BELLS IN DISTANCE)
Dad!
What happened? Is he all right?
Dad. it was just a parking space.
CALOGERO: You don't understand!
Is he all right? Baby. are you OK?
He's all right. Let's go inside.
-What happened?
-I'm OK. Mom. I'm OK.
-Oh my god. I got so scared.
-I'm OK. Mom.
CALOGERO: You don't understand. Dad.
They were fighting over a
parking space.
ROSINA: Over a parking space?
Over a parking space. Daddy.
Why?
It wasn't over a parking space.
They just met at the wrong time
in their lives.
Well. what kind of answer is that?
-He could've gotten killed!
-Just leave it alone.
Let's mind our own business.
He's OK. That's the main thing.
I can't believe somebody would do this.
(KNOCKING)
Who is it?
BELSIK: Police.
Is this the Anello residence?
Yeah. Can I help you?
BELSIK: Look. we're detectives.
We'd like to ask you some questions.
-About what?
-BELSIK: Just open the door!
How you doing? OK. good.
I'm Detective Belsik. this is my
partner. Detective Vella.
Hello. son.
How you doing. ma'am?
We'd like to ask your son
a few questions.
About what?
There was a shooting in front of
the building a little while ago.
and we believe your son was there.
Really?
Well. he don't know nothing about that.
Well. we feel he does.
There were people who saw him.
Well they're wrong.
He don't know nothing.
Listen. Mr. Anello. We can do
things the nice way
or we can do things the hard way. all right?
-We can go down to headquarters.
-I don't care what way you do.
-He don't know nothing.
-Daddy. I know everything.
(SHALLOW LAUGH)
Kids. Sometimes. you know. they
make believe they see things.
We didn't pick your name out of a hat.
We know your son was down there.
So. come on. let's go.
Son. listen. Here's what I'd
like you to do for us.
I'd like you to take a walk downstairs
with us and your father.
We have some people down there.
All I want you to do is pick out
the person you saw
with the gun in his hand.
That's it.
You think you can do that for us?
-Yeah.
-Good.
Come on. Let's take a walk.
Mr. Anello. take a walk downstairs.
We won't be long. Go ahead.
Officer. is he gonna be OK?
Everything's gonna be fine. dear.
They'll be back in two minutes.
(POLICE SIRENS IN DISTANCE)
(PEOPLE MUMBLING)
There's Lorenzo.
Hey fellas. turn around.
You two. take your hats off.
Hey! Put your head up.
Straight ahead. Look this way.
-Is that him?
-No.
How about this guy?
Straight ahead. fella.
-How about him?
-No.
Straight ahead. you.
How about this guy.
Give me an answer.
-How about him?
-No.
How about him? Is it this guy?
Give me an answer.
-No.
-OK.
Hey! Put your eyes up!
How about this guy?
No? Let's go.
Hey! Look straight ahead!
Over here.
Look at me. That's it.
Is it this guy?
-How about this guy?
-No.
OK. Look at this guy.
How about him?
(CHURCH BELLS IN DISTANCE)
Hey! Straight ahead!
How about this guy? Is it him?
(BELLS RINGING)
Give me an answer.
-No.
-You satisfied. Officer?
-No. I'm not satisfied.
-He don't know.
-He can't help you.
-Yeah. yeah.
Your son doesn't know anything.
I know all about it.
He said no. he can't help you.
I'll tell you what. Take a walk.
Go ahead. go ahead. Take a walk.
Come on. son. Let's go.
All right. you guys
can breathe again. Beat it.
Get outta here.
Get out of my sight.
(PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
We fooled them.
dad. we really fooled them.
Yeah. we fooled them.
I didn't rat. dad. I didn't rat.
No. you didn't rat.
I did a good thing. right?
Yeah. you did a good thing.
You did a good thing for a bad man.
CALOGERO: I did a good thing
for a bad man.
I didn't understand that.
not at nine years old.
All I knew was...
a rat was the lowest thing one
could be in my neighborhood.
And I didn't rat.
Hey.
Daddy. why did you say I did
a good thing for a bad man?
Because sometimes in life you
gotta do certain things that you
gotta do.
even though they're not right.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
No. It's just that...
I thought I did the right thing.
Now I'm not sure I did.
You did do the right thing.
And when you get older.
you'll understand why.
Your mother and I love you very.
very much.
Tomorrow you take a ride
on the bus with me. OK?
(SLOW JAZZ MUSIC)
CALOGERO: City Island was the
last stop on my father's route.
It was one of our favorite places.
It was like going on a vacation for a day.
My dad would listen to his jazz
and we would talk about baseball.
Dad. can I have an ice cream?
We do our job first. and then
I'll get you an ice cream.
-OK?
-OK. pop.
Let's play the game. Dad.
OK. let's see how good you are today.
Who was the last player
to win the Triple Crown?
Mickey Mantle.
Batting average.353.
RBIs. 130. Home runs. 52.
That's pretty good. son.
He's the best ballplayer
that ever lived. Dad.
Joe D's the greatest ballplayer.
The Yankee Clipper.
56-game hitting streak.
-That's right.
-Nobody beat that. Right. dad?
Nobody beat that. son.
Do you know why Joe D. was so great?
-Because he was Italian?
-Well. that's part of it.
Then why?
Because he had more talent
than anybody.
-Talent?
-That's right.
Do I have talent. Dad?
Of course you have talent.
You got all the talent in the world.
Can I be a baseball player?
You can be anything you wanna be.
Remember. the saddest thing
in life is wasted talent.
You could have all the talent in the world.
but if you don't do the right
thing. then nothing happens.
But when you do right. guess
what. good things happen.
-You hear me?
-You're right.
-Let's go for that ice cream.
-Yeah. good.
I'm gonna shut the doors. right. Dad?
Yeah.
Ready? Watch it.
-Got it?
-I got it.
CALOGERO: Wasted talent.
That was something my father
would talk about all my life.
Come on. let's hurry. so we can
catch the start of the game.
GAME ANNOUNCER: 36.683 here
to see the final game
of the 60 Series.
And what a ball game they're looking at.
Moose Skowron. with that
infield hit deep to third...
has picked up his twelfth
World Series base hit in 1960.
Time called momentarily.
Blanchard's back...
Come on. Sonny. Give me...
ANNOUNCER: One out. unassisted.
to Nelson. to end the sixth.
Southpaw hitter. And
Elroy Face staring down to his
battery mate Hal Smith.
Into the stretch now.
The little man sets.
And here's the first one
coming to Blanchard.
Outside and a ball.
(BUS BRAKING)
-See you later. Pop.
-OK.
Get right upstairs. son.
And watch the rest of the game.
Get right upstairs.
no hanging out. son.
Hey. Lorenzo. how you doing?
Keep driving. I wanna talk to you.
Your kid is a good kid. that kid.
Thanks.
Sonny really appreciates what
you and your son did for him.
That's all right. I'm just glad
everything worked out.
He'd like to do something for you.
All you gotta do is drop some
numbers off for us.
You're gonna get 150 dollars a week.
Won't even have to get off the bus.
Tell him I appreciate it.
but I got a city job.
If I get pinched. I could lose it.
-At least think about it.
-I just can't do it.
-It's not for me.
-150 dollars a week.
-You don't wanna think about it?
-I can't do it.
It's just not for me.
I can't do it.
Sonny's gonna be disappointed.
But I'm gonna tell him what you said.
-OK.
-Stop the bus here.
I wanna get off.
(BUS ENGINE REVVING)
LORENZO: They offered me a job today.
-ROSINA: Doing what?
-Numbers.
All I gotta do is pick up
a piece of paper and drop it off
on my round and they said
they'll give me 150 a week.
150 a week? What did you say?
What do you think I said?
I told him to forget it.
It's not for me.
What?
I don't know. 150 dollars?
It's only numbers.
-You think I should've took it.
-I don't know.
Yeah. but. come on. you know...
You get involved with those guys.
next thing you know.
one. two. three...
I don't know...
I don't like the way you look.
Maybe you're right.
I'm gonna go check on the baby.
Come here.
-What?
-Come here.
You're not sorry you got stuck
with a bus driver. are you?
I fell in love with your uniform.
Yeah.
-WOMAN: Oh god. oh god.
-(SOBBING)
CALOGERO: The day of
the funeral. I felt really bad.
I realized that a man had died.
and that I had lied and
committed a mortal sin.
And I wanted God to forgive me.
Bless me. Father. for I have sinned.
It has been one month since my
last confession.
and these are my sins.
I missed mass on Sunday twice.
I lied about witnessing a murder once.
I ate meat on Friday once.
Wait a minute. can you back up
a little bit and say that again?
I ate meat on Friday once?
No. not that one.
Back up a little more.
I lied about witnessing a murder?
Yeah. that's the one.
Do you realize what you said?
It was only once. Father.
Do you know what the fifth is?
Yes. Father. I know what the fifth is.
The fifth is. "I refuse to
answer on the ground
that I might incrimina..."
-The Fifth Commandment.
-"Thou shalt not kill."
That's right. Now. I want you to
tell me what happened.
No. Father. I'm not telling
nobody nothing.
Don't be afraid. my son.
Nobody's more powerful than God.
I don't know about that. Father.
Your guy's bigger than my guy up there.
but my guy's bigger
than your guy down here.
You got a point.
Five Our Fathers and five
Hail Marys for your penance
For a murder rap?
That's not bad. Father.
-What did you say?
-Bye. Father.
CALOGERO: It was great to be
Catholic and go to confession.
You could start over every week.
(SLOW MUSIC)
Hey. kid.
Come on. Sonny wants to see you.
Come on.
Nobody's gonna grab that bike. come on.
(WHISPERS) They's good kids.
They just did a piece of work for me.
-SONNY: Put them in.
-(WHISPERS) It's up to you.
Here's the kid. Sonny.
Go ahead. Don't be afraid.
How you doing. kid?
Good.
-We finally meet face-to-face.
-Yeah.
Are you afraid of me?
-No.
-That's good.
What's your name?
Calogero.
That's a big name.
You got a nickname or something.
No.
-What do your friends call you?
-Calogero.
That makes sense.
-What are you. a Yankee fan?
-Yeah.
Sit down.
No. come over here.
Sit down over here. next to me.
Come here.
So. you must be pretty upset
after the Yankees lost.
Bill Mazeroski. I hate him.
He made Mickey Mantle cry.
The papers said that Mick was crying.
Mickey Mantle?
Is that what you're upset about?
Mantle makes $100.000 a year.
How much does your father make?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
Well. see. if your father can't pay the rent.
go ask Mickey Mantle.
see what he tells you.
Mickey Mantle don't care about
you. so why should you
care about him? Nobody cares.
-Can I ask you something?
-Sure.
Did you shoot that man over
a parking space?
When you get older. you'll understand.
CALOGERO: From that day on.
I never felt the same way about
the Yankees again.
(SWING MUSIC)
♪ How lucky can one guy be ♪
♪ I kissed her
and she kissed me ♪
♪ Like the fellow once said ♪
♪ Ain't that a kick in the head? ♪
CALOGERO: I started spending
a lot of time with Sonny.
♪ Her room was
completely black ♪
I would come home from school
and sneak away any chance I got.
I would serve the guys drinks and coffee.
and they would give me tips.
-MAN: Bet!
-MAN 2: I'm laying a hundred.
(MEN CHATTERING)
Come on. Sonny.
-Son of a bitch!
-I don't believe it.
SONNY: I should break his fucking arm.
Here. kid. this is for you.
Sonny. loan me a hundred.
Come on. you know
what's gonna happen.
I feel it! I feel it! Please.
Give him a hundred.
-I'm in. I'm in.
-Go ahead. give him the dice.
-Give him the dice.
-I'm in. I'm in.
It's fucking hot.
Come on. Mush. make a donation.
Come on. Mush. get this over with.
Come on. dice.
Baby needs a new pair of shoes.
Come on. seven. Come on. dice.
And there's a seven!
SONNY: I don't even have to look.
Craps. I'm out. I'm out.
-Get out of here.
-Get him outta here!
Man never hit a fucking number in his life!
Bring the dice up here.
Where's the kid?
Sonny. do me a favor.
put this coffee on my tab?
Yeah. I'll put it on your tab.
Get the fuck outta here.
Where's the kid?
I'll tell you what. The kid's
gonna throw the dice for me.
Sonny. don't let this kid throw the dice!
Anybody got a problem with that?
It's all right. no problem.
I want you to throw the dice for me.
I don't know how to play dice. Sonny.
It's OK. You don't have to know.
You just listen to me.
Hear what I said?
-Just listen to me.
-OK.
I'll tell you what. Put 500 on the kid.
I got a hundred.
(MEN BETTING)
Hey! Stop fucking leaning on me. please?
Huh?
Come on. you're breathing all
over me. all right?
(WHISPERS) Hey. Jojo. relax!
I'm trying to get a bet in.
I wanna play too. ya know.
I know you can do it.
You gotta hit the wall. kid.
Come on. you can do it.
Hit the wall.
-You can do it.
-MUSH: Wait. wait. wait. wait.
I'm betting on Sonny.
Hey! I don't want your money
touching my money.
What's the matter. it's counterfeit?
I don't want your money in the same...
My money's no good no more? Why?
Why? Cause you're
a fucking jinx. that's why!
Put him in the fucking bathroom!
-Get him out of here!
-Get the fuck out!
-Fucking get in there!
-You fucking loser mutt!
Leave him in there!
A fucking jinx.
Shoot the dice.
There's a lot of money on you. come on.
Roll a seven.
Shoot the fucking dice. Hit the wall.
-Seven!
-(MEN TALKING OVER EACH OTHER)
Bring the dice up.
Put 1000 dollars on seven.
(CHATTERING)
You can do it. all right?
You can do it. You...
Giorgio. stop fucking breathing on me!
You're killing me over here!
I'm on a fucking win streak!
Stop breathing on me!
Bobby. put him in the bathroom.
Sonny. Eddie Mush is in there.
He ain't gonna fit.
I don't give a fuck! Put him in!
(MEN SHOUTING OVER EACH OTHER)
(CHATTER CONTINUES)
Shoot the fucking dice. Come on!
We got a four! That's all right.
Four's what we got.
-Let's go! Shoot the dice!
-Give the kid another shot.
What's wrong with this money?
What. is he crazy?
What is it. counterfeit?
I say the kid makes the four.
Give me 500.
500 more. Get your bets down.
(BACKGROUND CHATTER)
Twenty-two on the hard four.
I'll lay a hundred.
-One-forty. no gag.
-One-forty. no gag. Put it down.
I say the kid makes the hard four.
He'll never make the hard four. never.
Come on. You can do it.
Don't worry. Sonny.
I'll throw a seven this time.
-No! No seven.
-Yeah! Hit a seven!
Shut up! He ain't gonna throw no seven.
Do you believe this kid.
Hey. I don't want anybody
laughing at this kid.
All right?
Nobody laughing at him.
Come on. no seven.
Sevens are not good now.
-Hit the wall.
-Get a four. You can do it.
You gotta make the point. OK?
You can do it.
No. no. no...
Frankie Coffeecake. no good.
I don't want his face looking at that face
when he's throwing my dice.
No. no. no.
Jimmy. get a towel from the bar.
-Put it over his head.
-You got a towel over there?
Come on. Sonny. I don't want a
towel over my head.
It's embarrassing.
Put him in the fucking bathroom.
Get him outta here. Come on.
Wait a minute. I got money here!
-Come on! Get out!
-Get the fuck outta here!
-Get him the fuck out!
-Put him in the bathroom!
Rat bastard locked us in the bathroom.
It's degrading. Very degrading.
Come on. I need that point.
Listen to me! Listen to me.
See that money over there?
Look. See that money?
Are we going to make this point?
Come on.
We're gonna make this point.
Attaboy!
Come on! You can do this.
-I need a 2-2 on the hard four.
-Hey. don't get cocky. kid.
-Just make the point.
-Fucking kid.
Just make the point.
Go ahead. Come on.
(EXCITED SHOUTING)
I don't fucking believe it! He did it!
CALOGERO: Eleven.
I made eleven passes in a row.
I don't know how much money
Sonny won. but it was a lot.
♪ Like the fellow once said ♪
♪ Ain't that a kick in the head ♪
CALOGERO: He would always say
the working man was a sucker.
and I was going to the best
school in the world.
the University of Belmont Avenue
and I was getting
two educations. one from the
street and one from school.
That way I'd be twice as smart
as everybody.
(EXCITED SHOUTING)
(CHEERING)
-Hey kid. You did good.
-Thanks.
Here.
That's it?
Here. All right?
Go home. Come on. It's getting late.
See you later. Sonny.
Listen.
We gotta do something about your name.
From now on. your name is C.
-C.
-That's right. C.
Go home. Go ahead.
So long. Sonny.
CALOGERO: Sonny took me everywhere
and he would always introduce me
as his boy.
And I noticed that strange
things started happening
in the neighborhood.
Hey. Calogero. come on over.
I wanna talk to you.
My name is C.
I mean C.
-How are you today. my boy?
-Good.
I got some nice peaches
for your mom.
I don't have any money on me. Phil.
You don't need no money with me. kid.
Don't ever embarrass me
like that again.
Just tell Sonny
that I took care of you.
OK.
CALOGERO: That's when it hit me.
It was because of Sonny that
everyone was treating me nice.
I liked it.
I liked it a lot.
Mommy. Mommy. look what I got.
Some peaches for...
free.
-What's this?
-What's what. dad?
Where did you get this?
Your mother found this behind your drawer.
It's the money that I've been saving. dad.
600 dollars you've been saving?
What. you've become a brain
surgeon overnight. son?
Tell your father where you got the money.
Dad. I worked for it.
-Doing what?
-Things.
"Things"? What do you mean.
"things"? What "things"?
Oh. things. You know. things.
Hey! Don't lie to me.
Just tell me the truth and I
won't get upset.
You promise?
I'm your father. Would I say it
if I didn't mean it?
I work the crap games and the
guys gave me tips.
-Crap games?
-What crap games?
What crap games. What tips?
What crap games?
I though you weren't gonna get upset. dad.
I lied. Now. tell me everything.
I told you. I work for Sonny
and he gave me tips.
I knew it.
Weren't you told a thousand
times not to go near that bar?
But ma. I worked for it.
Whaddaya mean. you worked for it.
You're not supposed to be in that bar!
I'm taking this money back.
I'm bringing it right back down
to the bar.
Let's just think about this for a minute.
What do you mean. "think about it"?
What are you talking about?
We could use the money.
It's not like he had to do something bad.
We could use it. we already have it.
That's not the point. You know
where this money comes from.
I don't want him to have
that kind of money.
Just listen to me for a minute.
Let's just think about this.
That's it. Come on.
Wait a minute. Listen to me.
Lorenzo. please. why do you
gotta go down like this?
Calm down. Lorenzo. please!
I don't believe this.
Lorenzo!
Lorenzo. please!
Is Sonny around?
Yeah. I think he's in the back.
(SLOW MUSIC)
Don't worry about it.
We can't accept that.
I didn't give it to you. I gave
it to your son. he worked for it.
That's right. My son.
And I don't want my son involved
in what goes on here.
Involved in what?
What are you talking about?
Please. I'm not a stupid man.
OK? Please. I'm not stupid.
You know what I'm talking about.
Just stay away from my son. OK?
Hey. you stay right over here.
C. why don't you go outside.
I wanna talk to your father.
I'll speak to my own son.
Calogero. wait outside.
First of all. I respect you.
Lorenzo. You're a stand-up guy.
We're from the same neighborhood.
But don't ever talk to me like that again.
I tell your son to go to school.
to go to college...
You don't understand. It's not
what you say. it's what he sees.
It's the clothes. it's the cars.
it's the money. it's everything.
He tried to throw away his
baseball cards the other day
because he says Mickey Mantle
would never pay my rent.
He said that to you? (CHUCKLES)
I don't believe this kid.
LORENZO: That's not funny.
It's not funny
when your nine-year old kid has
a bigger bank account than you do.
I offered you a job. but you
said no to me.
That's right. And I say no now.
Just leave my son alone. Please.
Hey! Don't you see how I treat that kid?
I treat that kid like he's my son.
He ain't your son. He's my son!
-He's what?
-He's my son!
Hey. get the fuck outta here.
-I'm not afraid of you.
-Well. you should be.
I know who you are. Sonny.
I know what you're capable of.
I would never step out of line.
You can ask anybody in this
neighborhood who knows me.
But this time you're wrong.
You don't fool with a man's family.
This is my son. not yours!
-What are ya gonna do. fight me?
-You stay away from my son!
Get outta here before I give you
a fucking slap!
Just stay away from my son!
-Go ahead!
-I don't care who you are!
-You stay away from my son!
-Get the fuck outta here!
-Where's my money. Dad?
-I left it in there.
What? How could you do that.
Dad? It was my money!
That's bad money! I don't want
you to have that money.
Dad. I earned that money.
It's my money!
I said I want you to stay away from him!
-Dad. please listen to me.
-I said you stay away from him.
Dad. listen to me!
Did you hear what I said?
You stay away from him!
Sonny was right. The working man
is a sucker. Dad. He's a sucker.
He's wrong! It don't take much
strength to pull a trigger.
but try and get up every
morning. day after day.
and work for a living.
Let's see him try that!
Then we'll see who's the real tough guy.
The working man is the tough guy.
Your father's the tough guy!
But everybody loves him.
Just like everybody loves you
on the bus. It's the same thing!
No. it's not the same.
People don't love him.
They fear him.
There's a difference.
-I'm sorry I hit you.
-I don't understand. Dad.
You will. You will.
You will when you get older.
I'm sorry I hit you.
(SOFT SLOW HARMONIZING)
You want me to take care of him?
No. leave him alone.
And Sonny and my father never
spoke to each other again.
And I never listened to my father about
staying away from him.
The bar was so close.
and I would sneak away
any chance I got.
Eight years passed.
And as I grew. Sonny grew in power.
He became a boss and I was his friend.
♪ It's a beautiful morning ♪
♪ And just smile ♪
It was now 1968.
Dion was on top of the charts.
The Beatles were changing the
way we lived.
The Yankees were in last place
and I didn't give a shit.
There was change everywhere.
but my neighborhood was still the same.
ANNOUNCER: And they're off!
Expectedly Kryptonite comes
first from the gate!
On the outside comes...
Here comes the kid!
We didn't get shut out.
C. come here. You get it in?
Yeah. I got it in. Sonny.
It's all on Kryptonite.
-We got it.
-You hold them. you hold them.
Look at this horse go!
Let's go! Come on. baby.
take it home. Come on.
Look at this one move! This
horse can't lose.
You can do it. Kryptonite!
Come on!
Look. it's a lock. It's beautiful.
Don't even worry about it.
We can't lose.
I'm not even going to look
because I know we can't lose.
-We can't lose.
-Let's go! Come on!
Look! He's pulling away!
-Come on. Kryptonite.
Look at him!
Forget it. it's over.
It's all over.
-Damn.
-Let's go!
-That's it. Kryptonite!
-(WHISPERS) Come on. Kryptonite.
MUSH: Bring me luck. Come on!
Bring me luck!
Come on. number one! Hang in
there. number one! Come on!
-Oh shit.
-Come on! Let's go!
Get the... he bet the fucking horse?
He bet Kryptonite?
Give me the tickets.
But. Sonny. we're winning.
SONNY: We can't win. The Mush
bet Kryptonite. Fucking jinx.
We're five lengths in the lead.
Come on. We've been "mushed".
Come on. I gotta get away from
this fucking jinx.
(MUSH SHOUTING)
Come on. You can still do it.
Come on. Kryptonite.
CALOGERO: It's all you. baby.
Come on! You can still do it.
Hang in there!
CALOGERO: No! No! Shit!
Fuck! This fucking close.
This fucking close!
I don't believe I lost. I don't
fucking believe it.
Hey. C. I got a tip in the next
race for you.
Go fuck yourself!
Oh. you're very emotional.
ANNOUNCER: White Birch wins it
in an absolute shocker.
♪ If you want ♪
♪ Something to play with ♪
We finally got our own social
club. We called it Deuces Wild.
Drinks were a buck and the jukebox
and the cigarette machine paid the rent.
All we cared about was hanging out.
We would cut class and hang out
all day and all night.
Nobody wanted to go home.
because God forbid.
you were the first one to go
home and then found out
the next day that you missed something.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. fellas. whoa!
Look at those broads over there.
They're beautiful!
Look at those broads.
(CALLING OUT IN ITALIAN)
Yo. get over here! Come here!
Put it back in your pants.
Those fucking broads are both pigs.
-How the hell do you know?
-Fuck you. C.
How the hell do you know?
They'd fail my test in a second.
-What test are we talking about?
-It has a name or something?
If you wanna know if you can trust a girl
and she's good enough to marry.
she's got to pass the test.
I call it the Mario test.
This I gotta hear.
What's this test? I gotta hear this.
The test is. you take a girl
like that. you take her for a ride
in your car. right?
Jump on the highway. you pull
right up to one of them big
fucking 18-wheelers.
You pull right alongside of it
and get the attention of the driver.
Honk your horn.
Do what you gotta do.
Make sure he's looking at ya.
that's important.
At the same time. put your hand
behind this fucking broad's head
and you start pushing her head
down firm between your legs.
-Get the fuck outta here.
-Wait a minute. wait a minute.
It's for her own good. believe me.
Now. if this girl goes down on
the old brajole.
knowing that that guy
in the truck is watching.
then she's
a pig and can't be trusted.
-It's not gonna work.
-You're a sick maniac.
You're a sick maniac.
You need some help.
When they get into it. they do
something with their hand.
they throw their hair over their ear.
They did it before.
Believe me. they're fucking pros.
(MUSIC BLARING FROM CAR)
You know. that's the second
time those niggers passed today.
As long as they don't stop.
who gives a fuck.
What are you talking about?
I give a fuck. that's who.
Did they get out and bother you?
No. they didn't bother you.
Today it's one car. next week
it's two cars.
before you know it it's their
fucking neighborhood
and they're fucking our broads.
They shouldn't come through
here anyway. Period.
Invite them in.
Make them have a drink.
Come on. let them have a shot with us.
Baseball-bat their fucking heads.
Hey. you want a shot?
Take one. come back.
Louie? Dumps! Get over here!
Where's my money?
I got to do that thing.
I can't...
-Shit.
-What's up.
This guy owes me 20 bucks.
It's been two fucking weeks now.
You can't dodge me forever!
Fucking piece of shit.
(BUS HORN HONKS)
Fellas. I gotta talk to my father.
I'll be right back. all right?
-All right. I'll see you.
-Come back.
Come on. Take a ride with me.
I got one trip left.
-Do I have to?
-Yeah. you have to. Come on.
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
Sit. Sit over here.
Dad. do we have to listen to this music?
It gives me a headache.
You kids today. I gotta tell
you. you don't even know what
good music is. Listen to this.
This is good music.
(SLOW SAXOPHONE)
Want to go to the fights with me
tomorrow night?
Calogero? Calogero?
Hey! You listening to me?
Calogero! Hey!
Dad. why can't you call me C?
Everybody calls me C.
Because that was your
grandfather's name
and that's the name that I gave you.
That's why I can't call you C or
whatever you call yourself.
Want to go to the fights tomorrow night?
Could I let you know tomorrow?
You wanna go
or you don't wanna go?
All right. all right. I'll go.
Don't say it like that. I mean
if you wanna go. you'll go.
Don't wanna be twisting your
arm. but you know...
(SENSUAL SAXOPHONE PLAYING)
(SWING MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ A man needs a little love and
affection. oh yes he do child ♪
CALOGERO: She was tall.
she was beautiful and she was classy.
But she was black.
And that was a no-no in my neighborhood.
♪ We got to bring it on down ♪
♪ Oh yes. we do my child ♪
♪ Stop messing around ♪
Jackie. what's the first?
Two.
Two. Your friend's number.
-Who?
-Your pal.
Don't fuck around.
Johnny Biscord bet 228 again?
-That's it. Again.
-Again?
I'll try to have some better
music for you next time.
I'm only kidding. It's OK. pop.
See you later. (BUS BRAKES HISS)
(SAXOPHONE PLAYING)
-Louie!
-My grandmother's sick.
I gotta get outta here.
I'll talk to you later.
-I gotta go do something.
-Where's my fucking money?
You're fucking dead when I catch
you. you piece of shit!
C. come here!
What's the matter with this kid.
Get over here.
He's fucking crazy. this kid.
The kid wants his fucking money.
What can you do.
SONNY: I gotta talk to him.
(WHISPERS) You gotta stop babying him.
-He owes me money.
-Hit him with a fucking bat.
Knock him all over the fucking block.
What are you kidding me? Is that
the advice you give the kid.
is that the advice?
You fucking hoodlums.
Come on. Let's go. Don't listen
to these hoodlums.
I'm gonna go to Gino's.
I'll be right back.
What's the matter?
This guy Louie Dumps over here.
he owes me 20 dollars.
It's been two weeks now.
and every time he sees me.
he keeps dodgin' me.
He's becoming a real
pain in the ass. I mean...
Should I crack him one. or what?
What's the matter with you?
What have I been telling you?
Sometimes hurting somebody
ain't the answer.
First of all.
is he a good friend of yours?
-No. I don't even like him.
-You don't even like him.
There's your answer right there.
Look at it this way.
it costs you 20 dollars to get rid of him.
Right?
He's never gonna bother you again.
He's never gonna ask you
for money again.
He's out of your life for 20 dollars.
You got off cheap. Forget him.
You're always right.
Yeah. I'm always right.
If I was always right.
I wouldn't have done
ten years in the joint.
What did you do every day?
There's only three things you
can do in the joint. kid.
Lift weights.
play cards or get into trouble.
-What did you do?
-Me? I read.
What did you read?
Ever hear of Machiavelli?
-Who?
-Machiavelli.
He's a famous writer from 500 years ago.
Availability.
That's what he always said.
-Availability?
-That's right. Listen to me.
I could live anywhere I want to.
Do you know why I live in this
neighborhood? Availability.
I want to stay close to everything.
because being on the spot.
I can see trouble immediately.
Trouble is like a cancer.
You got to get to it early.
If you don't get to it early. it
gets too big. and it kills you.
That's why you gotta cut it out.
Capisce?
You're worried about
Louie Dumps. Nobody cares!
Nobody cares!
Worry about yourself. your family.
the people that are important to you.
That's what it comes down to.
Availability.
The people in this neighborhood
that see me every day that are
on my side. they feel safe.
Because they know I'm close.
That gives them more reason to love me.
But the people that want to do
otherwise. they think twice.
because they know I'm close.
That gives them more reason to fear me.
Is it better to be loved or feared?
That's a good question.
It's nice to be both.
but it's very difficult.
But if I had my choice...
I would rather be feared.
Fear lasts longer than love.
Friendships that are bought
with money mean nothing.
You see how it is around here.
I make a joke. everybody laughs.
I know I'm funny.
but I'm not that funny.
It's fear that keeps them loyal to me.
but the trick is to not be hated.
That's why I treat my men good.
but not too good.
I give them too much.
then they don't need me.
I give them just enough where
they need me.
but they don't hate me.
Don't forget what I'm telling you.
Sonny. I got some beautiful veal
chops today.
I got some nice linguine frutti di mare
and I got some beautiful
Pescatore sauce.
(MOTORCYCLES REVVING)
(ENGINES ROARING)
("COME TOGETHER" BY THE BEATLES PLAYING)
Fellas. you're not dressed properly.
You're gonna have to leave.
Properly? What's wrong with how
we're dressed?
-Jimmy. what's up?
-Gentlemen ain't dressed right.
I asked them to leave.
Is there a problem here?
The problem is. your man says
we're not properly dressed.
Like our money ain't green.
We just want a couple of beers.
A few beers. that's it?
That's it. We'll be on our way.
We ain't looking for trouble.
Spoken like a gentleman.
Give them their beers. Go ahead.
-I appreciate that.
-No problem.
You got some brews down here?
Nice cold ones.
Get us some nice cold brews.
Come on.
Two over here. huh?
One more. one more beer.
Got some thirsty people here.
All right. brothers. If I may.
a toast to our host.
In the name of the Father. the
Son and the Holy Ghost!
-Get wet. you dago wop!
-(JEERING)
Look at this shit all over me!
-Hey!
-Oh. you again. huh?
That wasn't very nice.
Now yous gotta leave.
I'll tell you when the fuck we leave.
All right?
Get the fuck away from me.
Go watch the bikes. man.
-What's going on here?
-Come on!
Hey. get outta here.
-What's this shit?
-What's going on here?
Now yous can't leave.
CALOGERO: I will never forget
the look on their faces.
All eight of them.
Their faces dropped.
All their courage and strength
was drained from their bodies.
They had a reputation for
breaking up bars.
But they knew that instant they
made a fatal mistake.
This time. they walked into the wrong bar.
Come on. motherfuckers!
Come on. motherfuckers.
Come on! Come on!
(THUDDING AND YELLING)
♪ Thy shall never love another ♪
♪ And stand by me always ♪
You fucking creeps!
Come here!
(CRASHING)
Yeah. watch him!
(GRUNTING AND SHOUTING)
Step on his fucking head.
Come on. get them out of here.
Drag them the fuck out.
Come on. move it!
(GRUNTING)
Watch my car!
Hit it! Hit it!
Fucking punks.
Get him!
Grab that hairy bastard!
Let the kids kill them.
-Hit him!
-Get him!
-Hit him with the fucking bat!
-Kick him in his face!
Here. you motherfucker.
Look at me.
I'm the one who did this to you.
Remember me.
Come on. Sonny.
Let's go. you guys!
They ruined my whole fucking lunch!
Sonny. come on!
Let's get the fuck--Sonny!
Leave them there like the dogs
that they are.
They ruined my whole fucking lunch!
Come on!
Let's go! Come on.
♪ The ten commandments of love ♪
Take a look at this gun right here.
It's a.45.
This thing could stop a fucking
elephant driving a truck.
and the truck too.
CALOGERO: Nicky Zero was the
neighborhood thief.
His mother called him Zero
because she said he'd
never amount to nothing.
It's too big.
Where you gonna hide it?
Then you want this one. right here.
They can spot that a mile away.
You need this.
-Whoa. whoa!
-The fuck!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Don't point the gun. Nicky.
I got it on safety. What am I
gonna kill you guys?
Don't ever do that. Now let me
see the fucking gun.
This is you. man. This is class.
I'm telling ya.
I don't know.
-What's this. what's this?
-Let me see this.
Feels nice.
Right there. Feel it.
I wanna fucking shoot somebody.
you know what I mean?
It's the gun. you know.
I wanna shoot somebody too.
That looks like just the gun to do it.
-What are you guys doing?
-You think so?
-What's going on?
-Oh shit.
What are you fucking stupid or something?
Are you fucking stupid or something?
What the fuck is the matter
with you selling fucking guns
around here?
Are you fucking stupid?
You'll make this whole place hot
and get us all fucking pinched.
Now get the fuck outta here.
Stay over here. Don't move.
All of yous. Stay right there.
Sonny...
I want no fucking guns.
You hear what I said?
-Get outta here!
-C. get over here. you.
Come here. I wanna talk to you.
Get over here.
-Sonny. Sonny. loan me 500.
-Tomorrow.
(BACKGROUND CHATTER)
You think you're a tough guy
with these guns. is what it is?
No. but after what just happened
in the bar. I thought...
You thought what? You think
a gun makes you a tough guy?
Let me tell you something.
I seen more guys with guns
wet the bed than anything.
It's when the other guy has a
gun and he pulls his out.
And then we see who the real
tough guy is.
Sonny. you don't understand.
No. I do understand.
This shit is not for you.
And those fucking kids are gonna
get you in trouble.
Yeah. but they're my friends.
You know that.
They're jerk-offs.
Look at me.
Jerk-offs.
And Slick is the biggest jerk-off.
All these years.
what have I been telling you?
Yeah. I know. "Stay in school.
Get two educations." I know.
That's right.
Don't do what I do.
This is my life. not yours.
I do what I have to do.
This is not for you.
All right. I'm sorry.
You want to go to the fights
with me tomorrow? Huh?
I don't know.
Come on. I got a piece
of a good middleweight.
You come with me. we sit in front.
I would like to come and
everything. but it's just that I
already told my father I'd go with him.
Well. you know where I'm sitting.
You come by. you say hello.
-All right. Yeah.
-You know where I'm sitting.
Sit here.
Nice seats. Now I gotta be
careful I don't get a nosebleed.
These are the best I can do.
What do you want from me?
Come on. pop. I'm only kidding.
(CROWD CHATTER)
Hi. C. How are you doing?
-Lorenzo. How's everything?
-How you doin!
Listen. Sonny would like you to
come sit down at the ring.
He's got a couple of seats for
you. Why don't yous come down?
Well. um...
Tell him thanks.
but we're good where we are.
-Tell him thanks anyway.
-OK.
Tell Sonny thanks anyway.
but we're good where we are.
Well. yous more than welcome.
we'd like yous to come down.
You know where the seats are.
Anytime during the fight.
-OK?
-OK. Thanks.
ANNOUNCER: Introducing the principals
for this evening's main event.
Dad. he's got seats for the both of us.
He's trying to be our friend.
I like my seat. I paid for my seat.
You wanna go down there.
go down there.
Go ahead. Go down there.
ANNOUNCER: Let's welcome Eric
"The Rock Man" Holland!
(CHEERING AND BOOING)
I bring you over here. the first
thing you wanna do is go down
with them.
Well. then go with them.
You think I wanna sit here with
you when you wanna be with them?
ANNOUNCER: From the Bronx. New York...
How do you think that makes me feel?
-ANNOUNCER: Joe Carey!
-(CHEERING)
I'm sorry if I hurt you. dad.
(BELL DINGS)
Everything I've been telling you.
(HARMONIZING)
Fucking guy's been ducking me
for two weeks.
When I see him. I'm gonna
fucking break his face.
-Do you like him?
-He's a fucking jerk-off.
Ten dollars. you got off cheap.
He's out of your life.
I'm still gonna fucking break his face.
Have you seen this guy...
CALOGERO: I couldn't believe it.
There she was.
right in front of me.
I never forgot her since the
first day I saw her
on my father's bus.
I wanted to talk to her.
but she was with her friends
and I was with mine.
♪ I only have eyes ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ Dear ♪
This fucking doo-wop. I wanna
fucking strangle one of them.
♪ My love must be
a kind of blind love ♪
♪ I can't see anyone but you ♪
-Let's get something to eat.
-Something to eat?
This fat bastard ate it all.
What the fuck's wrong with you.
You're always fucking eating.
-I was hungry. Whaddaya want?
-Did you read about the bikers?
-No.
-I was reading the paper.
You see the way Jimmy was
hitting them with the bat?
-What about Danny with the pipe?
-I don't know.
-Come on. let's get outta here.
-You wanna get out of here?
Yeah. come on. Let's go.
Come on. C.
No. I can't come.
I got a test I gotta take.
-Come on. fuck the test.
-No. I missed it last week.
You sure? All right.
-See you at the Deuces.
-We'll be at the Deuces.
♪ Are the stars out tonight ♪
♪ I don't know if
it's cloudy or bright ♪
♪ I only have eyes ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ Dear ♪
CALOGERO: We were alone
for the first time and I knew
I had to say something to her.
This chance might never come again.
I wanted to be cool.
But the thing was...
I still didn't even know her name.
I said to myself. she must have
an exotic name.
Like Monique or Danielle.
(DEEP EXHALE)
You go to this school?
I'm Jane.
Jane? That's it?
That's your name?
-Yeah. what's wrong with that?
-No. no. nothing. nothing.
It's a great name.
I love that name.
I just moved here.
Yeah. cause I seen you on
the bus the other day.
And you are?
Me. I'm Calogero.
Ca-who?
Calogero.
-What kind of name is that?
-It's Italian.
But actually. it's Sicilian.
My family is from Sicily.
Sicily?
Yeah. you know where Italy is?
It's the boot that comes down.
And the little island next to it
that looks like it's getting
kicked. well... that's Sicily.
-I like Italians.
-You do?
Are you waiting for someone.
-Yes. I am.
-Oh. you are.
All right. Well. I better go.
Wait.
I was just waiting for my brother.
Sometimes we walk home together.
If it's no problem.
I could walk you home.
OK. I live down Webster Avenue.
Is that all right?
That's no problem. Come on.
Let's go.
-So you wait for your brother?
-Mm-hm.
-That's great.
-What's so great about it?
What's so great about it?
It's just great.
(CHUCKLES)
Where did you get that hat from?
-What? You don't like this hat?
-It's kind of funny-looking.
Maybe it will look better another way.
Hold this.
♪ I only have eyes ♪
You have beautiful eyes.
Thanks. So do you.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah. that's better.
So... do you want to go to the movies?
Movies? You wanna go to
the movies with me?
Yeah. I told you I like Italians.
You want to go right now?
No. of course not now.
How about... tomorrow.
Six o'clock. We'll meet in front.
All right. I'll be waiting here
till tomorrow then.
(LAUGHS)
Oh. I'm sorry. I mean I'll meet
you in front tomorrow.
Sorry if I'm saying stupid stuff.
It's just that I'm so nervous. you know.
You're not saying stupid things.
You're doing OK.
-You think so?
-Mm-hm.
So where are you originally from?
-Brooklyn.
-What part?
-East New York.
-Where's that?
-It's far. Way out.
-Yeah?
Cause I got some relatives in Brooklyn.
but I never heard of that part.
-Oh really?
-Yeah.
-I suppose they're Italian too.
JANE: That figures.
-What's your last name?
-Williams.
Very easy. very simple.
Jane Williams. That's a pretty
easy name to say.
Can't say mine's that easy.
but. you know.
Wait. Let me see. Calogero Anello?
-Yeah.
-Got it.
-My friends call me C.
-Well. I like Calogero better.
-These books are heavy.
-(LAUGHS)
That's why I'm glad you're carrying them.
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
(BLUES MUSIC)
Well...
I guess this is it.
-I really had a great time.
-Me too.
-I think you're very nice.
-Thanks. So are you.
Thank you.
Sorry I can't walk you all the way home.
Oh. that's all right.
I only live a block down.
-So. I'll see you tomorrow?
-Tomorrow.
Tomorrow night? Six o'clock?
(LAUGHS) You're getting better.
I just wanted to double check.
-Well. bye.
-Bye.
(BLUES MUSIC)
What is it. white motherfucker?
(SPEAKING IN ITALIAN)
Come on. Aldo.
That was a late fucking finger.
Was it late. man? Tell me.
-What are you talking about?
-Mario?
Go ahead! This fucking kid keeps
winning my money.
No. I'm gonna give him the curse now.
he won't win no more.
He's got all my money.
How the fuck am I gonna play?
MARIO: He ain't gonna win no more.
Watch.
What the fuck. man?
What the fuck?
These fucking spooks can't ride
in their own neighborhood?
Why don't you just leave them alone?
What the fuck is it with you
and these niggers. lately?
-They ain't bothering nobody.
-They're fucking bothering me.
They ain't bothering me.
♪ Yes. I love you ♪
(GRUNTS)
This is our fucking neighborhood.
you black bastard!
(GROANING)
Come on! Let's go get these
fucking niggers. Come on!
Get the fuck out of our neighborhood!
-Let's get out of here!
-Get him!
-Hey! Get off man!
-Motherfucker!
Black bastard!
C. come here!
Leave me alone!
Here. grab him. C.
Get this motherfucker!
-Stay down. stay down!
-Get off! I didn't do anything!
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Stay down. man.
I really don't wanna hurt you!
Get him! Get him down!
Motherfucker!
(GROANING)
C. what are you doing?
Dancing with him? Get off!
Hey kid!
Get outta here you crazy bastard.
The cops are coming. Run!
I can see them! Go! Go!
I can see the lights.
Get the fuck off him.
They called the cops! Come on!
Let's go! Let's go!
They called the cops!
What the fuck are you doing. man?
What are you doing?
-You're gonna kill him!
-I don't care.
I want to kill him!
-Kill this motherfucker.
-The cops are coming!
-Fuck that!
-The cops are fucking coming!
They called the fucking cops. come on!
(GROANING)
Didn't I tell you Slick was
nothing but trouble?
Yeah. but you know.
he's my friend. you know?
He's your friend.
I'm your friend. kid.
You're letting yourself get
caught up in this shit.
These kids could hurt you.
You gotta think for yourself.
I do. I'm really trying. but
I mean. we hate these people.
I mean. I don't hate them.
but. you know.
What people?
What are you talking about?
What's on your mind?
-I met this girl.
-Yeah? So?
I like her and everything. but...
she. she ain't white.
She's from Webster Avenue.
-She's a colored broad.
-Yeah.
You like this girl?
I do. but I don't want to hear
all the guys.
-I don't wanna hear they mouths.
-Fuck those kids.
Half of them are gonna end up
dead or in jail anyway.
Nobody cares.
The only thing that matters is
what's good for you.
and how you feel about each other.
Let me tell you something.
When you're alone. late at night in bed.
just you and her under the covers.
That's all that matters. C.
You gotta do what your heart
tells you to do.
I'll tell you something right now.
You're only allowed three great
women in your lifetime.
They come along like great
fighters. once every ten years.
Rocky Marciano.
Sugar Ray Robinson. Joe Louis.
Sometimes you get them all at once. Me?
I had my three when I was 16.
That happens.
What are you gonna do?
That's the way it goes. you know?
I'll tell you right now.
See this girl?
Maybe this girl she'll put wind in your sails.
Maybe she's your first great one.
Thanks a lot. Sonny.
I think I'm gonna go for it.
Is she a good kid? This girl?
I just met her yesterday.
but I hope so.
Here's what you do.
Tomorrow you borrow my car.
You don't lend anybody your car.
That's all right.
I'm gonna lend you my car.
I want you to make a good impression.
You borrow my car and then you
give her the test.
What. the Mario test?
Mario? Mario's a fucking psycho.
What do you listen to this kid for?
You give her my test.
You give her the door test.
-What's the door test?
-All right. Listen to me.
You pull up right where she is. right?
Before you get out of the car.
you lock both doors.
You get out of the car.
you walk over to her.
You bring her over to the car.
You take out the key. open
the lock. open the door for her.
Then you let her get in.
Then you close the door for her.
Then you walk around the back
of the car and you look
through the rear window.
If she doesn't reach over
and lift up that button for you.
so you can get in. dump her.
-Just like that?
-Listen to me. kid.
If she doesn't reach over
and lift that button for you.
so you can get in. that means
she's a selfish broad and all
you're seeing is
the tip of the iceberg.
You dump her
and you dump her fast.
What about all the beautiful
things you just told me. though?
Do what my heart tells me to do.
Do what matters.
Find someone to put wind
in my sails. I mean. hey.
this could be
one of the great ones.
Bullshit. kid. The door test.
that's what counts.
You dump her
and you dump her fast.
-Dump her?
-Dump her.
Dump her?
-Dad. Can I ask you something?
-Yeah.
I need your opinion about something.
You know Joey Osso from down the block?
Yeah.
He asked me what I thought about
him going out with a colored girl.
What do you think about that?
What's the matter?
Joey Osso can't find any white girls?
That's not a good answer. Dad.
What's the problem?
You know me. I get along with
everybody on the bus.
But when it comes to marriage.
I just think we should marry
within our own. that's all.
-You know I'm not prejudiced.
-Dad. you're not prejudiced.
Don't tell me you're not
prejudiced. 'cause you are.
What would you say if I wanted
to go out with a colored girl?
Well. you would never do that.
You never know. This girl might
be one of the great ones.
I mean. you're only allowed
three great women in
your lifetime.
You know what I'm saying?
-Who told you that?
-Joey Osso.
Joey Osso?
You tell Joey Osso that
sometimes in the heat of passion
the little head tells the big
head what to do and
that the big head should think
twice about it.
All right.
Be careful.
(TAPPING)
(CLICKS TONGUE)
(SOULFUL MUSIC)
♪ Baby I need your lovin' ♪
♪ Although you're never near ♪
♪ Your voice I often hear ♪
♪ Another day. another night ♪
♪ I long to hold you tight ♪
♪ Cause I am so alone ♪
♪ Baby I need your lovin' ♪
♪ Got to have all your lovin' ♪
♪ Some say.
it's a sign of weakness ♪
♪ For a man to beg ♪
♪ Then weak. I'd rather be ♪
♪ Cause lately
I've been losing sleep ♪
♪ Baby I need your lovin' ♪
♪ Got to have all your lovin' ♪
-You OK?
-No.
My brother got beat up in your neighborhood.
What are you talking about?
Yesterday. some Italian guys
beat up my brother
in your neighborhood.
So what's that have to do with me?
-Were you there?
-No. I wasn't there.
Calogero. please don't lie to me.
Jane. I'm telling you the truth.
I wasn't there.
We'll see who's lying.
My brother's in the car.
I told him I was going out with
an Italian. so he came along.
He recognized you and said you
were the one that beat him up.
You did that to his face.
Jane. I didn't touch your brother.
I swear to God.
Believe me. I didn't touch him.
OK. we'll see. Willy!
We'll get this straight right now.
Yeah. that's him. That's him.
-You did this to me. man.
-I didn't do anything.
-Yes. you did.
-I didn't do anything!
-Willy. are you sure it was him?
-I'm positive it was him.
Please. don't believe him.
I swear to God I didn't touch him.
-So you were there.
-Yeah. I was there.
But I didn't do anything. Jane.
Believe me.
You lied to me.
You just told me you weren't there.
I swear. It was the other guys.
I tried to help him.
How did my eye get like this. then?
It was the other guys.
I tried to fucking help you!
-Fucking bullshit. man!
-You know I didn't do anything.
You know it was the other guys.
What the fuck were
you doing on top of me?
It was the other guys!
I tried to fucking help you!
-It was you. it was you!
-I was the guy trying to help!
-It was you. motherfucker!
-You fucking repay me like this?
Fuck that! No! Fuck you. man!
-I didn't fucking do anything!
-Yes. you did.
Fuck you. you fucking nigger!
See what I'm talking about?
Just like the rest of them!
(ENGINE STARTING)
(DOO-WOP PLAYING)
(MEN TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
How come you're back so fast?
Listen. the keys are in the car.
I gotta go.
Whoa. whoa. wait a minute. Wait.
Come here. What happened?
Talk to me. What happened?
It just didn't work out.
Please. listen I gotta go.
-What happened with the girl?
-Everything went wrong.
You wanna go to Trada's with us?
No. I don't want to talk.
Just. please. I gotta go.
C. you sure? Come on.
Maybe next time. Sonny.
Come on.
Take my car. Bobby. you drive.
OK. Sonny.
What do you wanna do?
You wanna go to...
(MEN TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
What are you doing driving Sonny's car?
What are you talking about?
What do you mean.
what am I talking about?
I just saw you driving Sonny's car.
I don't want you driving his car around.
I don't like that.
Dad. I'm not in the mood to hear this.
I don't care if you're not in
the mood to hear it.
We already had that thing about
the bikers and that
fight in that bar.
I don't want you in that bar.
I told you. dad.
What was I gonna do?
Run away and make people think
I got no heart?
You think those guys really care
whether you got a heart or not?
I mean. what makes you think
you're so special?
-You don't know Sonny.
-I don't have to know him.
I know how he thinks. You fuck
up. he'll hurt you like anybody.
You're wrong. Sonny trusts me.
That man can't trust anybody.
The sooner you know that. the better.
How many times
do I have to tell you?
People don't respect him.
They fear him.
There's a big difference.
You want to be somebody?
Be somebody who works for a living
and takes care of his family.
Yeah. you look away. Look.
You're my only son. I'm looking
out for your best interests.
But you gotta know. the saddest
thing in life is wasted talent.
I don't wanna hear this.
You don't wanna hear it.
but you're gonna hear it.
I might not have any money.
I might not have a Cadillac.
But I don't have to look over my shoulder.
I'm proud of what I do.
I don't answer to anybody.
My mother and father came to
this country with nothing...
And they died with nothing.
Don't you dare disrespect your
grandparents! Do you hear me?
And you're wrong. They tried to
give me a better life.
-And that's what I'm trying...
-What better life?
We don't even own a car!
We ain't got money!
We ain't got nothing!
Don't take it out on me because
you're a bus driver.
The working man is a sucker!
("YOU REALLY GOT ME" BY THE KINKS PLAYING)
Hey. C. Look at what these black
motherfuckers did to our club.
You believe the balls
on these fucking niggers?
Throwing eggs at our club?
Come on. get in the car.
We're gonna go fuck them up.
Come on. Get in the car.
Oh shit. Sonny and Jimmy.
Oh shit. Back off. Come on.
Get out of here!
What's going on. Sonny?
After you picked up my car.
where did you go?
I drove around a little and then
I went to pick up Jane. Why?
Jane. Was there really a Jane?
Talk to me!
Sonny. what is it. Sonny?
After you dropped that car off.
it didn't start.
We lifted up the hood and there
was something on the engine.
It didn't go off. Now you tell me...
You tell me how the fuck
that got on there.
And where did you go in my car?
-I remember I picked it up...
-Yeah?
I drove right to the school
and I locked both of the doors.
Just like you told me.
Don't lie to me! Where did you
go with my car?
Sonny. I didn't do anything!
I swear. Sonny! Please!
-Don't fucking lie to me!
-I didn't do anything!
I swear. I just went right to
the school and that was it!
I swear to God!
Why would I wanna hurt you?
You've been like a father to me!
LORENZO: Calogero? Hey!
Calogero! Calogero!
What happened to my son?
Go drive your bus
and get the fuck outta here!
-Don't tell me to drive my bus!
-Take it easy!
Put your hands on me and I'll
stick you in the fucking ground!
Next time find out what's going
on before you open your mouth.
Yo! C!
Come here!
(ROCK MUSIC ON RADIO)
What happened with you and Sonny?
I don't wanna talk about it.
Where'd you get this car?
MARIO: Don't worry about it.
We borrowed it.
MARIO: Slow down! Slow down!
Slow the fuck down! Don't wanna
get pinched before we get there.
I know what I'm doing.
I'm not driving for nothing.
We're fucking flying in a hot car.
Slow down!
Fuck you and the hot car!
I know what I'm doing.
-Don't worry about it.
-What's that smell?
We made those fucking niggers a cocktail.
Look at these fucking beauties.
We're gonna teach those
motherfuckers a lesson.
We're gonna go back there tonight.
We're gonna go fucking finish the job.
They wanna throw eggs at our joint?
They'll see.
Here. Ralphie.
take this from me. all right.
Why don't you give me the other
one. the big one?
Take that fucking
shit and shut the fuck up!
I'll fucking take these motherfuckers.
I hate these motherfuckers.
I'm gonna kill them!
Ralphie. what the fuck are you
doing lighting a cigarette here?
Relax! What the fuck?
What's the matter with you?
You got the fucking cocktails
right at your feet.
Take me as a fucking jerk-off?
Relax! I know what I'm doing.
I can't wait to see the looks on
these motherfuckers' faces.
I can't wait.
CALOGERO: They were all smiling.
I was smiling too. but...
I was dying inside.
I wanted out. but I couldn't
get out of the car.
What was I going to say?
"Let me out. I'm afraid. I'm a chicken."
I could never go back
to that neighborhood.
They would call me a punk.
a dog. a mutt.
They would say I got no heart.
I kept hearing my father's voice
in my head.
"Don't blow it. son.
These people will hurt you. son."
"Don't waste you talent. son."
Then I kept hearing Sonny's voice.
"Be careful. C. Don't lose it.
C. Keep your head. C."
Somebody pulled the chain.
and I was going down the fucking toilet.
They want to throw eggs at our
fucking club?
OK. We'll give them the biggest
surprise of their lives.
(KNOCKING)
C. out of the car.
-Sonny. come on. He's with us.
-Mind your business. you.
-C. out of the car.
-Sonny. come on. He's with us.
THUD: My nose! Fuck!
Come on. Move.
For the last time. stay
away from this kid.
♪ While all the women
came and went ♪
♪ Barefoot servants too ♪
♪ Outside in the cold distance ♪
♪ A wildcat did growl ♪
I can't believe it.
After all this time.
You don't even trust me?
Listen. It's not that I don't trust you.
No. I'm not gonna listen.
You didn't even believe me
that there even was a Jane.
Don't you think that it could
have been in the car
when I picked it up? And that me
and Jane could've gotten killed.
You never thought that. did you?
-Don't you trust anybody?
-No.
It's a horrible way to live.
For me. it's the only way.
Not for me.
(MEN TALKING IN DISTANCE)
Oh C!
Some fine-looking black chick
was just here looking for you.
She just went around the corner?
Not two minutes ago.
If you hurry up. you can catch her.
-Come here. Come here.
-Told you.
Sonny. you want me to go get him?
No. leave him alone.
Jane!
Hi! My brother told me the truth.
You did try to help him.
I told you.
I know. I know.
But he took it out on you.
It's OK.
I understand how he felt.
I'm glad you understand.
(WINDOW OPENING)
The hell you looking at?
Mind your own damn business!
Get back in your house!
It's all right. let them stare.
Give me your hand.
Come on. give me your hand.
-Glad you came to see me.
-I missed you.
I missed you too.
I think you're beautiful.
Stop.
No. I really do.
I want to be with you. and I
don't care what anybody says.
-Can I have a kiss?
-Sure.
That's not a kiss.
This is a kiss.
♪ I'm so proud to be loved by you ♪
♪ And it would hurt.
hurt to know ♪
Do you know how to make sauce?
-What?
-You know. sauce for macaroni.
Shut up.
♪ From all the people we meet ♪
♪ And I'm so proud. girl.
I'm so proud ♪
♪ I'm so proud of you ♪
I'm really sorry
about what happened.
My brother didn't mean it.
Your brother! Where's your car?
Give me the keys. We gotta go!
-Come on!
-What are you talking about?
We gotta get there.
♪ If you ever were untrue ♪
♪ Sweeter than the taste
of a cherry. so sweet ♪
Yes!
♪ And I'm so proud. I'm so
proud. I'm so proud of you ♪
I knew you were
one of the great ones.
Great ones?
What are you talking about?
Never mind.
It's an Italian thing.
♪ Loved by you ♪
Come on. come on. Hurry up.
Make a U-turn over here.
Go by in front.
♪ This is a man's world ♪
What are they doing in our neighborhood?
(GUNSHOTS)
(MAN'S WORLD BY JAMES BROWN PLAYING)
(CRASHING)
♪ Man made the electric light ♪
♪ To take us out of the dark ♪
♪ This is a man's.
man's. man's world ♪
♪ But it would be nothing. nothing ♪
♪ He's lost ♪
Oh shit! What the fuck!
(SCREAMING)
Get it out! Get it out! Come on!
Get it out!
(EXPLOSION)
(FLAMES ROARING)
WOMAN: Did you see what happened?
(SLOW MUSIC)
(BACKGROUND CHATTER)
Be careful. guys!
What's going on?
What's happening?
Four white guys just got blown up.
White guys got killed. that's what.
(COUGHING)
Willy! Are you all right?
Yeah. I'm all right.
They started out as white boys.
Now they toast. motherfucker.
They look better now. right?
Don't they look better?
They left something for you in the trunk.
Get the fuck out of our
neighborhood. motherfucker!
Fucking pussy-ass motherfucker!
Don't say shit. man!
Get the fuck out
of this neighborhood!
CALOGERO: Sometimes when
I think about it.
I don't know if I should've been
happy or sad.
Happy because I was alive.
Or sad because my friends were dead.
But one thing I knew was.
I was grateful.
Grateful because of Sonny.
Sonny. Listen. Jane. I gotta go.
I just gotta go.
-You OK?
-Yeah. man.
-Listen. I'm sorry.
-Jive-ass white motherfucker.
Jane. I gotta go. You don't
understand I was in that car.
Just go. man. The boys
about to go crazy.
What the fuck you looking at!
Fuck that bitch. too!
Go.
Get the fuck out of the neighborhood!
(SAXOPHONE PLAYING SAD TUNE)
CALOGERO: He saved my life.
I had to tell him.
I wanted to thank Sonny.
He saved my life.
C. I swear. my grandmother's still sick.
-I'll give you the 20 next week.
-Forget the 20!
-Hey. you know where Sonny is?
-Don't give a fuck where he is.
I'm losing here! What the fuck
are you breaking my balls for?
Hey. C. He's in the front.
-Sonny! Sonny!
-C! Come here!
-Sonny!
-Let him through!
Let my boy through! Come here.
♪ I just pick myself up and get
back in the race ♪
CALOGERO: All I could see was
these big smiling faces.
All of a sudden. out of all
these smiling faces.
there was this one face.
I couldn't understand why I kept
looking at this one face
and then I realized why.
He wasn't smiling.
All I could see was this guy.
And nobody could see him but me.
Come on. C.
-No!
-Come here!
(GUNSHOT)
(SCREAMING)
Get an ambulance!
The guy that killed Sonny was
the son of the man that he
killed eight years earlier in
front of my house.
("AVE MARIA" PLAYING)
There were flowers all over the place.
Gangsters have this thing about flowers.
They think whoever sends the
biggest arrangement cares most.
(SOBBING)
-John and Anthony from Detroit.
-How are you?
Did you see the way he went down.
Bum. bum. bang!
It was just like Sonny said it would be.
Nobody cares. Nobody cares.
(CROWD CHATTING)
I'm sorry. C. but we got to close up now.
Listen. Jerry. could you just
give me a couple more minutes?
OK. I'll be in my office.
How are you doing. Sonny.
Not so good. huh?
She passed the test. That's what
I wanted to tell you.
She might be my first great one.
And I'm gonna go out with her.
Thanks for helping me.
I wanna thank you for saving my life.
I never got a chance to tell you.
They all died. Slick. Aldo.
Mario. Ralphie. All of them.
(APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS)
Sorry. I thought I was alone.
I'm just thinking out loud.
That's OK. It's understandable.
See. this man here is a great man.
He saved my life.
Yeah?
You Lorenzo the bus driver's kid?
-Yeah.
-C. right?
-Sonny told me all about you.
Sorry. but I don't even know
who you are.
My name is Carmine.
We go back a long way together.
Sonny and me.
He saved my life too once.
You don't remember me. do you?
Many years ago?
In front of your house?
You don't remember this?
Yeah. the baseball bat.
You were the guy who got hit
with the baseball bat. right?
Yeah. I remember.
I was there.
I saw the whole thing.
I know. kid.
Sonny told me what you did.
Listen. I've been away.
But I'm gonna be in the
neighborhood now taking care
of things for a while.
If you need anything.
I want you to come and see me
at the bar. OK?
I think I'm gonna give the bar a
rest for a while. but...
-thanks anyway.
-It's OK. I understand.
Was that fight really over a parking space?
No.
Don't forget. You need anything.
you come to the bar and see me.
-Anything.
-All right.
So long. kid.
Dad. what are you doing here?
I came to pay my respects to your friend.
-Are you OK?
-Yeah.
Dad. I'm sorry if I ever hurt
you in any way.
It's OK.
Everything's gonna be OK.
Sonny. I wanna thank you for
saving my kid's life.
I never hated you.
I guess it's...
that I was mad at you because
you made him grow up so fast.
May God have mercy on your soul.
I'll wait over here.
Sonny. did you hear that?
My father didn't hate you.
Nobody cares. huh?
You were wrong about that one.
(KISS)
Wasted talent.
See you around. Sonny.
(HARMONIZING)
Let's go home. C.
Sonny and my father always said.
that when I get older I would understand.
Well. I finally did.
I learned something from these two men.
I learned to give love
and get love unconditionally.
You just have to accept people
for what they are.
And I learned
the greatest gift of all.
The saddest thing in life is wasted talent.
And the choices that you make
will shape your life forever.
But you can ask anybody
from my neighborhood.
and they'll just tell you.
This is just another Bronx tale.
♪ On the street of the Bronx ♪
♪ Is where I wanna be ♪
♪ On the corner of Belmont ♪
♪ And 187 street ♪
♪ I'll be standing on the corner
singing good old harmonies ♪
♪ On the street that's
where I wanna be ♪
♪ That's where I wanna be.
singing in harmony ♪
♪ On the street.
that's where I wanna be ♪
♪ That's where I wanna be ♪
♪ Go away. don't bother me ♪
♪ On the streets of the Bronx
is where I wanna be ♪
♪ Where I wanna be ♪
(UPBEAT MUSIC)
(HARMONIZING)
♪ On the street of the Bronx ♪
♪ Is where I wanna be ♪
♪ Standing on the corner
singing good old harmonies ♪
♪ I'll be waiting for
the man to come along ♪
♪ And discover me ♪
♪ My father preaches.
son please get a job ♪
♪ But I don't wanna work. no. no ♪
♪ I wanna be a singing star ♪
♪ I'll drive up and down
the Bronx in my brand new ♪
♪ Shiny car ♪
♪ On the street.
that's where I wanna be ♪
♪ That's where I wanna be.
singing in harmony ♪
♪ On the streets.
that's where I wanna be ♪
♪ That's where I wanna be.
go away don't bother me ♪
♪ On the street of the Bronx is
where I wanna be ♪
♪ On the corner of Belmont ♪
♪ And 187 street ♪
♪ I'll be waiting for the man
to come along ♪
♪ And discover me ♪
♪ Standing on the corner
singing good old harmonies ♪
♪ On the streets of the Bronx is
where I wanna be ♪
♪ Where I wanna be ♪
English - SDH